# The JUCE 5 Library

**BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING ANY PART OF THE JUCE LIBRARY, YOU AGREE
TO THE [JUCE 5 END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT](https://www.juce.com/juce-5-licence)
AND [JUCE 5 PRIVACY POLICY](https://www.juce.com/juce-5-privacy-policy), WHICH
ARE BINDING AGREEMENTS BETWEEN YOU AND ROLI, LTD. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE
TERMS, DO NOT USE THE JUCE LIBRARY.**

JUCE is an all-encompassing C++ framework for developing cross-platform
software. JUCE is used by hundreds of companies to develop powerful,
cross-platform audio, interactive, embedded or graphic applications.

We now have tier-leveled license terms for JUCE 5, with different terms for
each available license: JUCE Personal (for developers or startup businesses
with revenue under 50K USD "Revenue Limit"; free), JUCE Indie (for small
businesses with under 200K Revenue Limit; $35/month), JUCE Pro (no Revenue
Limit; $65/month), and JUCE Educational (no Revenue Limit; free for bona fide
educational institutes). All licenses allow you to commercially release
applications so long as you do not exceed the Revenue Limit and pay applicable
Fees. Once your business hits the Revenue Limit for your JUCE license, you will
either have to upgrade your JUCE license or release your Applications under the
[GNU General Public License v.3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html),
which means, among other things, that your code can be freely copied and
distributed.

You agree to give notice to the end-users of your Applications that we may
track the IP addresses associated with their use of the Applications using JUCE
solely for our internal purposes in providing JUCE, unless you are a paying
JUCE customer and opt-out of such tracking. You agree to fully comply with all
laws, including relating to the collection of information from children and the
[Childrenâ€™s Online Privacy Protection Act
(COPPA)](https://www.ftc.gov/enforcement/rules/rulemaking-regulatory-reform-proceedings/childrens-online-privacy-protection-rule).

JUCE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE DISCLAIMED.

The juce_audio_basics, juce_audio_devices, juce_blocks_basics, juce_core and
juce_events modules are permissively licensed under the terms of the [ISC
license](http://www.isc.org/downloads/software-support-policy/isc-license).

For more information, visit the website:
[www.juce.com](https://www.juce.com)

FULL JUCE TERMS:
- [JUCE 5 END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT](https://www.juce.com/juce-5-licence)
- [JUCE 5 PRIVACY POLICY](https://www.juce.com/juce-5-privacy-policy)
